Step 1: Finding a resource to make
Step 2: Set up document
Using the notes template
Step 3: Compline relevant resources
Step 4: Writing resources
How to structure the notes
How to find information
Tip: Pasting without messing up formatting
Tip: Inserting and formatting images
Inserting formula boxes
Inserting practice questions
Tip: Removing the background of images
Tip: Using equation mode
Tip: Quickly solving maths equations using spotlight
Formatting: using page breaks
Tip: Deleting table contents while preserving table
Tip: Quickly switching between windows
Getting images from google
Checking a section once completed
Step 5: Saving UNFINISHED resources
Creating student notes
00:15:49.000
Step 6: Logging FINISHED resources